Direct Summary:
    The direct summary data frame shows the total amount of school, student , scores, etc of the data that was provided. 

School Summary:
    The school summary categorizes the 15 different schools and shows the overall performance of the school. 

Highest/Lowest Performing Schools(by overall passing):
    In these sections, the data will show the highest performing schools and the lowest performing schools. 
    The highest overall performaning school is Cabrera High School where as the lowest performing school is Rodriguez High School.

Math scores by Grade:
    In this section, math scores are seperated by grade and by each different school. 

Reading scores by Grade:
    In this section, reading scores are seperated by grade and by each different school. 

Scores by School Spending:
    In these sections, the school spending per student is placed in categories showing how much money the school spends per student in relation to the score results.
    As this set of data shows, schools that spend less per student have the highest overall passing percentage.

Scores by School Size:
    In these sections, the size of the school is compared to the scores of the students. 
    From this set of data, medium(1000-2000) and small schools(<1000) have the higher percentage overall passing.

Scores by school Type:
    In this section, the two school type (charter and district) shows if there is a relationship to student test score/% passing.
    From the data, students in the charter school type have a higher % overall passing. 


Conclusion from the data:
    1)From the data of the school sizes, schools with less than 2000 student have a higher overall passing percentage. 
    This can mean that teachers have smaller classrooms which then they can focus on helping students that are performing poorly.
    Less students in classrooms means that there are less students distracting each other, resulting in better performance.

    2)Schools that spend less money per student have a higher overall passing percentage.
    This can mean that these school might be spending more on their teachers, which can be reflected from the overall passing percentage


